clarify initial premise of issue alerts (#5452)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/alert-types.mdx

## Issue Alerts

> Issue alerts trigger whenever a new event is received and any issue in a project matches the specified criteria. These criteria might be, for example, a resolved issue re-appearing or an issue affecting many users.

Reviewer: It almost sounds like the two states are disconnected, so I'm trying to create some connective tissue between them. Does this work?

```suggestion
Issue alerts trigger whenever a new event is received for any issue in a project matching the specified criteria. These criteria might be, for example, a resolved issue re-appearing or an issue affecting many users.
```
